this is one of the most exciting track
battles of the year we've got two of the
most expensive and most powerful sports
cabarets money can buy going head to
head here at flight and test track is
the BMW m6 Cabriolet and the SL 63 AMG
I'm going to time each of these cars
around this demanding handling circuit
to see which can put in the quickest lap
time first up its the 99 thousand pound
BMW m6 convertible
it's 4.4 liter twin-turbo v8 produces
552 brake horsepower and 680 Newton
meters of torque and it sends it all to
the rear wheels via 7-speed dual-clutch
gearbox nought to 60 takes around 5.3
seconds and the top speed is limited to
155 miles per hour and in case you're
wondering its fabric roof takes 19
seconds to fold away ok so let's find
out what this m6 is all about got the
roof down obviously and now I've got the
suspension the engine and steering in
the sportiest setting and I've got the
stability control turned off so let's
just see what it's like isn't heating
the rear tires
yeah sideways really easily that's what
I expected this engine is astonishing
three zero charge v8 just over 550 brake
horsepower 680 news a means of talk but
it's the way that the power is delivered
that's incredible it's just instant
torque so all the way through the rev
range you've got power on tap and
there's only lovely firecracker II
exhaust notes just really the throttle
response is just it's just insatiable
and it just makes this car feels so
quick but it does weigh over 2,000
kilograms so here in it's hard braking
zone you can really feel that weight but
lateral body control is quite good and
you can see they're dialing into
oversteer with the throttle and it is
beautifully balanced just how you'd
expect to be in W to be
so another fast corner coming up third
gear let's go me in on the brakes a
little bit on the throttle then just
show their darling you obviously feel
the weight but it's very well controlled
the n6 has got a double clutch gearbox
and it's fast setting that we're in now
the shifts are amazing they're super
fast and there's a lovely grass on the
exhaust and every up change and a really
big razor-sharp flip on the down change
smooth it all out start flying that and
see what's on lap time this BMW can do
so stock down the start/finish line here
into this first corner it's quite a
tough one this you have to be very
patient with the power and the second
year just in their games fragance and
for response it's really waiting with
the power still in second gear and now
into the throttle attraction it's pretty
good given that we've got everything
turned off that's just raw mechanical
traction over the bumps there
fourth gear left over 100 miles an hour
going up to 100 points
stand on the brakes here this is where
you really feel the weight but the car
still slows down really well second gear
really tight okay and try not to get too
much oversteer there but getting the
catechol traction with the tires ohon's
really good up to fourth gear
starting over 100 miles an hour by
breaking down the forgiving stay third
here try and carry some speed through
the corner
come to the Bucs really well dat mean W
again here another corner we have to be
very patient with the power that the car
roll out to the outside they were
speeding the power in all the way
through the corner a little bit of
oversteer on the exit real high speed
change of direction here so third gear
to the right you can feel the car moving
and loading up the tires but big 20-inch
rubber
hard on the brakes again second gear car
squirms little bit on the brakes the
brains get mock lots of focus near there
so it's hard got to be members to be
patient of the power didn't lose too
much time and then across the line
finish the lap so the BMW sets the pace
with a lap time of 1 minute 13 point 9
seconds next up is the much lighter
Mercedes the sl63 AMG also has a
twin-turbo v8 but it has five point four
liters and 556 brake horsepower and 800
Newton meters of torque but if you want
more performance you can spend an extra
twelve thousand five hundred and thirty
pounds to get Mercedes Performance Pack
and it raises power up to five hundred
and fifty-six brake horsepower and a
huge 900 Newton meters of torque
this means you can get do nought to 60
in four seconds and have a top speed of
186 miles per hour however the Mercedes
loses the first time trial as its roof
takes a second longer to fold away but
then it is metal not clamping ok so we
jumped into the SL and the first thing
you notice is this cars got an amazing
fire cracker exhaust no really
this cars got ceramic brakes and they're
a real big stopping power probably a bit
better than the BMW but and the first
thing you notice is it's cut us through
so much lighter than the BMW it is life
a but it feels it so if you come towards
the corner and turn in it's just much
more positive on the front end it turns
in much sharper changes direction better
still dialing to the floor getting on so
I would steer to get some heat those
rear tires but it just feels so much
lighter on its feet so much more agile
than the BMW it's a bit easier when you
go sideways it snaps back a bit more
than the BMW something wires
controllable in a slide but it's more
than good enough but through here high
speed change direction much better than
the BMW exhaust that's awesome
gearbox is fast not quite as nice a blip
on the dash it that's business to BMW
but we're talking small differences ok
so we're going to smooth it out now and
start a time lap and I think this is
where the Mercedes might really come
into its own you have to be careful not
to hit the rev limiter has it really
killed up too long so fourth gear down
the second through here and this is
where it's just so much great really
good front-end grip really good traction
a little bit sort of fraction innard
it's not a huge amount of feel but
just got stacks a grip right front end
coming up to this big stop into this
tight chicane down a third gear downtown
the second gear and in here on the exit
traction is pretty good art on the power
now the third carry the speed we learned
that's really impressive it is turn to
you anyway really carrying speed going
at the second here is keep it quite low
in the wrists needing the power in all
the way around quality controls really
good
and you really notice now through this
fast high-speed s is just how well the
Mercedes changes direction from left to
right a high speed
hard on the brakes second gear boobs man
little beyond the breaking but nothing
this unnerving part of the power last
corner could be nice and tight
great traction across the line the SL
cross the line in the time of one minute
twelve point nine so it's a whole second
faster than the BMW so with its lighter
weight and better high-speed body
control in this particular track battle
it's the clear winner